THE TABLE:
HOW TO BUY FOOD, HOW TO COOK IT, AND
HOW TO SERVE IT.
By ALESSANDRO FILIPPINI,
Formerly of Delmonico's.

One Volume, Octavo, 507 Pages, and Portrait of Author.
1,550 different recipes: 132 Recipes for Soups, 100 Recipes for Sauces, 76 Recipes for Cooking Eggs, 40
Salads, 300 Desserts. MENUS FOR EVERY DAY OF THE
YEAR AND EVERY MEAL OF THE DAY 365 BREAKFASTS,
365 LUNCHEONS, 365 DINNERS.
For twenty-five years Mr. Filippini has been with Delmonico, and
is now manager of the branch house at 341 Broadway. Many people
seem to think that, because this book is written by Delmonico's
former manager, the recipes in it are only adapted to the most elaborate style of living; both the author and publisher foresaw this objection, and so were careful to make this book inclusive to give all
the most ordinary and homely recipes, as well as the most elaborate
foreign dishes. For that reason it is adapted to the humblest as well
as the most expensive style of living.
This work is endorsed by the Dclmonicos. Mr. Filippini's experience
in culinary art is probably greater than any living man's. The results
of a lifetime of careful study are here embodied. It is infinitely
greater than a mere cook-book, for while it gives many more recipes
than any other work of the kind ever published, at the same time it
contains invaluable advice as to how to buy what is best and most
economical, and how to dress a table and serve meals. In large families the price of the work can be saved daily by following Mr. Filip-

pini's suggestions. One of the exceptional features of this book is
the fact that it is adapted to the humblest as well as to the grandest
style of living. No matter where placed it will pay for itself many
times over.
As soon as the first edition of 13,000 was exhausted, a supplement
was added, containing a valuable chapter on table etiquette, nearly
200 new recipes, including those for making all kinds of bread, for
the famous New ngland mince pie, and for many new desserts and
different cooling drinks. This book is not only the result of practical experience, but it has been put to a practical test in thousands of
private families, hotels, and restaurants, and we have yet to hear of
a single complaint against it; while the encomiums pronounced upon
it have been enthusiastic and far too numerous to quote.

Kitchen edition, in oil-cloth, -
$2 50
Presentation edition, in full seal Russia, marbled edges, - -" - -
4 50
